README.md, before:

nfEngineDeps README file
===============

nfEngineDeps is a repository used to provide all required dependencies for nfEngine project. 

nfEngine is an open source 3D game engine. For more info about it, visit main project repository [here](http://www.github.com/nfprojects/nfengine).

Contents
--------

This document consists of following sections (in order of appearance in file):

- Building nfEngineDeps on Windows platform
- Building nfEngineDeps on Linux platform
- Documentation
- Issue tracking
- Workflow

Building nfEngineDeps on Windows platform
-----------------------------------------

Building nfEngineDeps on Windows is made by using Microsoft Visual Studio 2013 compiler. Additionally, AntTweakBar relies on Direct3D, so DirectX SDK must be installed on the system. 

To properly build nfEngineDeps with Visual Studio:

1. Download and install required tools
    * Microsoft Visual Studio 2013
    * DirectX SDK (it should be provided within Windows SDK package installed together with Visual Studio IDE)
2. Open **Deps.sln** file
3. Right click on **Solution Deps** inside Solution Explorer
4. Choose **Batch Build** option
5. Click on **Select All**
6. Click on **Rebuild**

This will compile dependencies on all available platform/configuration combinations. Compilation process might take a while, however it should be a one-time process.

**NOTE:** Even though CMakeLists are available, they were not tested. We strongly recommend building nfEngineDeps on Windows with Visual Studio.

Building nfEngineDeps on Linux platform
-----------------------------------------

Bullet Physics engine requires OpenGL and GLUT to be built. These can be easily downloaded by using your favorite repo manager:

```
# On Fedora:
sudo yum install freeglut-devel

# On Ubuntu:
sudo apt-get install freeglut-dev
```

Additionally, if you want to build on 32-bit (i386) configuration, 32-bit version of glibc is required. Install it by using:

```
# On Fedora:
sudo yum install glibc-devel.i686

# On Ubuntu:
sudo apt-get install libc6-dev-i386
```

After packages are downloaded and installed in your system, just call rebuild-all.sh script, which will generate nfEngineDeps libraries under all configurations required.

Documentation
-------------

If any references are needed for API from specific library included in nfEngineDeps, it should be found in its official website. nfEngineDeps is meant to keep code only, not documentations for used dependencies.

Issue tracking
--------------

nfEngineDeps is only a support repository for main nfEngine repo. Any issues related to nfEngineDeps should be reported on [main nfEngine GitHub Issue Tracker](https://github.com/nfprojects/nfengine/issues).

Workflow
--------

Usually nfEngineDeps is updated only to bump library version. This will be handled by owners of nfEngine Project.

Commit message:

Update README.md for Ubuntu 14.04 users and higher
Ubuntu 14.04 changed freeglut-dev package name for some reason.
Now to install freeglut developer packages you need to type
"freeglut3-dev" instead of "freeglut-dev".

Verification:
    Download freeglut3-dev on clean Ubuntu 14.04, then rebuild Deps.

Change-Id: I641a25cb03c89cf8c66fd3f2fcfd94b3525c4709

README.md, after:

nfEngineDeps README file
===============

nfEngineDeps is a repository used to provide all required dependencies for nfEngine project. 

nfEngine is an open source 3D game engine. For more info about it, visit main project repository [here](http://www.github.com/nfprojects/nfengine).

Contents
--------

This document consists of following sections (in order of appearance in file):

- Building nfEngineDeps on Windows platform
- Building nfEngineDeps on Linux platform
- Documentation
- Issue tracking
- Workflow

Building nfEngineDeps on Windows platform
-----------------------------------------

Building nfEngineDeps on Windows is made by using Microsoft Visual Studio 2013 compiler. Additionally, AntTweakBar relies on Direct3D, so DirectX SDK must be installed on the system. 

To properly build nfEngineDeps with Visual Studio:

1. Download and install required tools
    * Microsoft Visual Studio 2013
    * DirectX SDK (it should be provided within Windows SDK package installed together with Visual Studio IDE)
2. Open **Deps.sln** file
3. Right click on **Solution Deps** inside Solution Explorer
4. Choose **Batch Build** option
5. Click on **Select All**
6. Click on **Rebuild**

This will compile dependencies on all available platform/configuration combinations. Compilation process might take a while, however it should be a one-time process.

**NOTE:** Even though CMakeLists are available, they were not tested. We strongly recommend building nfEngineDeps on Windows with Visual Studio.

Building nfEngineDeps on Linux platform
-----------------------------------------

Bullet Physics engine requires OpenGL and GLUT to be built. These can be easily downloaded by using your favorite repo manager:

```
# On Fedora:
sudo yum install freeglut-devel


# On Ubuntu 14.04 or higher:
sudo apt-get install freeglut3-dev

# However, if you have Ubuntu earlier than 14.04:
sudo apt-get install freeglut-dev
```

Additionally, if you want to build on 32-bit (i386) configuration, 32-bit version of glibc is required. Install it by using:

```
# On Fedora:
sudo yum install glibc-devel.i686

# On Ubuntu:
sudo apt-get install libc6-dev-i386
```

After packages are downloaded and installed in your system, just call rebuild-all.sh script, which will generate nfEngineDeps libraries under all configurations required.

Documentation
-------------

If any references are needed for API from specific library included in nfEngineDeps, it should be found in its official website. nfEngineDeps is meant to keep code only, not documentations for used dependencies.

Issue tracking
--------------

nfEngineDeps is only a support repository for main nfEngine repo. Any issues related to nfEngineDeps should be reported on [main nfEngine GitHub Issue Tracker](https://github.com/nfprojects/nfengine/issues).

Workflow
--------

Usually nfEngineDeps is updated only to bump library version. This will be handled by owners of nfEngine Project.
